compromises: signed dropper, korea (#1248)
cncf/tag-security: supply-chain-security/compromises/2024/targeted-signed-endoor.md

> # Malware Disguised as Installer from Korean Public Institution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Malware Disguised as Official Installer Used to Target Korean Public Institution
```

This will clarify that the malware was used to target the institution, not that it originated from there.
